"What do you want?"

"Oh I want what any woman wants: power."

"And what, prey tell, does that have to do with me?"

"Well, you, my wonderfully wistful wench, are my ticket to owning the most profitable brothel in town!"

"Ah... Is this that business with the new Queen?"

"Who got to you first? I'll pay double!"

"I was offered land, servants, and a title, just for being on call for appointments with the Queen and no other patrons."

"That's NONSENSE! No brothel in town can grant land and titles."

"Oh I wasn't approached by a brothel, I was approached by the Queen herself. It seems she prefers not to trust brothels, too much chatter. And given that she prefers blonds, and I'm the only blond in these parts, she hired me herself."

"The Queen...raising a slave to a land owner and her personal wench... There goes that chance at Royal coin..."

"Oh I think you made your fair share of Royal coin off the late King (rest his soul if he had one.)"

"And I shall make more Royal coin when you prove to be too boring for one such as the Queen. The girls I have from her region are the most skilled of any, so doubtless she is accustomed to more than what you have to offer."

"What if I prove more skilled? What if I take even the lords and ladies from your beds, for everyone knows the lords and ladies prefer your beds to their own homely abodes."

"Hah! Shows what you know about the preferences of the rich. They get rather picky about having their type, so unless you can change your skin, shape, and hair at will, I doubt most of my patrons would even look at you."

"It isn't me they need to look at. I was just musing about opening my own brothel. I'll have the land after all, and the land has a hot spring..."

"You don't know the first thing about running a brothel. Don't get all high and mighty for being a glorified whore. You're the Queen's pet and nothing more!"

(Go on to talk about the Queen being from the south, and rumors about her owning a brothel because the lords swear fealty to the king, but the official business is of no interest to her. She wants to here about the whispers between the sheets, because that's where the real power is: the everyday little moments. If you can shape those, then you can shape a life. And she's using the network of brothels to find someone, a long lost daughter? Someone to be an heir to the throne she left.)
